Hi. My name is Judson Way.e
I'm principal of Doctor Losier
Middle School in Miramichi New Brunswick.
And I'm going to talk to
you guys about my behavior tracking forms
and my incident management system.
So today, my, behavior
tracking system is a QR code.
It's a digital system
where teachers enter all the data
that would be required
for an incident, manage referral.
They enter that into a survey,
which triggers an email
that comes to administrators.
We're able to see what the concerns are.
In real time, we're able to intervene
with the child, and we're also able
to give feedback back to the staff member
who put in the referral,
in a timely manner so they know, what
actions were taken by the administration
The big needs, to get to
that is we're a PBIs school
and part of the PBIs framework is
to analyze your data on a regular basis.
We take a look at our attendance
and our incident management data.
And all of our behavior data
on a weekly basis at ESD.
So, we needed to have a system that was,
that was a simple and able to pull,
not only our behavior
not tolerated our serious misconduct,
but also the different PBIs interventions
that we would have going on in the school.
So we could pull that on a weekly basis
to make more informed decisions.
the biggest, tip
that I would make to any administrator
would be to have some kind of,
a digital system.
It's just too labor
intensive to have a piece of paper.
If you're looking to analyze
data, really at any point,
whether that's weekly,
or even just monthly, it just becomes
a lot of pieces of paper that you're going
to have to manually import into something
to try and analyze that data.
So if you can already have it
in a digital format to start with,
it's just going to save
you a lot more time. If you